[en] update rdmausage (#4975)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/network/config/userdma.md

# Using RDMA in Workloads

> This chapter mainly introduces how to configure and use RDMA resources in workloads. Currently there are three ways to support the use of RDMA passthrough mode, refer to: [RDMA Usage Comparison](rdmatype.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter mainly introduces how to configure and use RDMA resources in workloads. DCE 5.0 provides three methods for RDMA passthrough. See [RDMA Usage Comparison](rdmatype.md) for details.
```
